I write further to our conversion and wish to clarify the position.

As requested, I am writing to request a response which can be provided
to HMRC to explain your position.

We had a conversation on $DATE at $TIME where
you explained that  "$AGENCY" held itself to not be subject to the "Conduct of Employment Agencies and Employment Businesses Regulations 2003" (Conduct Regulations 2003) with respect to
the assignment schedule '$ASSIGNMENT' between '$US' and '$AGENCY'.

You futher explained your position was that 'payment would be withheld
from work-seekers on certain grounds', namely 'non-receipt of payment
from the hirer in respect of the supply of any service provided by the
employment business to the hirer;' or 'the work-seeker’s failure to produce documentary evidence
authenticated by the hirer of the fact that the work-seeker has worked
during a particular period of time, provided that this provision shall
not prevent the employment business from satisfying itself by other
means that the work-seeker worked for the particular period in
question;'.

In summary, your position is that '$AGENCY' holds it
self as not subject to the (Conduct Regulations 2003) and refuses to
comply with its obligations, especially with regard to (Conduct
Regulations 2003) 1.12 "Prohibition on employment businesses withholding payment to work-seekers
on certain grounds."

I explained that the assignment schedule '$ASSIGNMENT' is subject to the protection
offered by the (Conduct Regulations 2003) especially with regard to
1.12) "Prohibition on employment businesses withholding payment to work-seekers
on certain grounds."

I further explained that as such $AGENCY is obligated to make
payment in respect of the submitted invoices, under the provisions of
section 1.12) "Prohibition on employment businesses withholding payment
to work-seekers" of the invoices submitted previously.

I would like to reiterate my position and request that you comply with
the relevant legislation.

I have provided documentary evidence, timesheets, contact details of
senior staff, there is no suggestion begin made that any of the claimed
hours are incorrect, it is both unlawful and unjust to delay payment
under the circumstances.

For your reference, I reproduce the relevant portions of the (Conduct
Regulations 2003) below.

1.12) Prohibition on employment businesses withholding payment to work-seekers
on certain grounds

12.  An employment business shall not, in respect of a work-seeker whom
it supplies to a hirer, withhold or threaten to withhold from the
work-seeker (whether by means of the inclusion of a term in a contract
with the work-seeker or otherwise) the whole or any part of any payment
in respect of any work done by the work-seeker on any of the following
grounds—

(a)non-receipt of payment from the hirer in respect of the supply of any
service provided by the employment business to the hirer;

(b)the work-seeker’s failure to produce documentary evidence
authenticated by the hirer of the fact that the work-seeker has worked
during a particular period of time, provided that this provision shall
not prevent the employment business from satisfying itself by other
means that the work-seeker worked for the particular period in question;

(c)the work-seeker not having worked during any period other than that
to which the payment relates; or

(d)any matter within the control of the employment business.
